Alex Hortin
Assignment 5

3:	If one-time pads are provably secure, why are they so rarely used in practice?

	One time pads are not used often due to the fact that that the key must be securely transmitted, so 
	Why use a one-time pad if you have a way to securely transfer data in the first place.  

6:	Let k be the encipherment key for a Caesar cipher. The decipherment key differs; it is 26 k. 
	One of the characteristics of a public key system is that the encipherment and decipherment keys are different. 
	Why then is the Caesar cipher a classical cryptosystem, not a public key cryptosystem? Be specific.

	Because K is a simple function of the public key, a linear function to be exact.  The encipherment algorithm uses 
	a slightly different key than the decipherment one, but this differnce is known and readily computable and decipherered
	in linear time.  To be effective a public key encryption system requires the private decryption key to be unfeasible to 
	generate using the public key, not a simple system like the Ceasar Cipher.  
	

17:	Suppose Alice and Bob have RSA public keys in a file on a server. They communicate regularly using authenticated,
	confidential messages. Eve wants to read the messages but is unable to crack the RSA private keys of Alice and Bob.
	However, she is able to break into the server and alter the file containing Alice's and Bob's public keys.

	1	How should Eve alter that file so that she can read confidential messages sent between Alice and Bob, and forge
 		messages from either?

		If these 

		Assuming that Alice and Bob use this file everytime to refer to the key and encrypt any unauthenticated data and 
		she could intercept and block any messages between Alice and Bob, She could copy the current public keys than change 
		their public keys to one that she had generated and had a copy of the private key.  She could than read the unauthenticated
		messages, reencrypt with the original and forward the message.  Since the message is said to be authenticated this is 
		not the case.   
		
	2	How might Alice and/or Bob detect Eve's subversion of the public keys?

		They would notice if the messages were authenticated.  They also might notice write times on the file.  They could
		notice if they had a locally stored version of the key.

18:	Is the identity function, which outputs its own input, a good cryptographic checksum function? Why or why not?

	No - this would not be a good cyptographic checksum		

21:	The example involving the DES-MAC cryptographic hash function stated that a birthday attack would find collisions given
 	232 messages. Alice wants to take advantage of this to swindle Bob. She draws up two contracts, one that Bob has agreed to
 	sign and the other that Bob would not sign. She needs to generate a version of each that has the same checksum. 
	Suggest how she might do this. (Hint: Adding blank spaces, or inserting a character followed by a backspace, 
	will not affect the meaning of either contract.)

	
	
